doc(design-system): stepper (#3738)
Talend/ui: packages/design-system/src/components/Stepper/docs/Stepper.stories.mdx

## Content

Use nouns to create one-word labels as often as possible. When necessary go for 2 words step label. 

> Step labels should describe the purpose of each step and let users know where they are in their set up. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Step labels should describe the purpose of each step and let users know where they are in their setup. 
```

> Use nouns to create one-word labels as often as possible. When necessary go for 2 words step label. 
> Step labels should describe the purpose of each step and let users know where they are in their set up. 
> Add information to the step label in the title of the step section to make it clearer. For example, a step label "Engine" could have a section title "Add the
> engine on which to process data".
> Step sections can also have subtitles, if necessary, to provide users with extra important information - as for example in complicated steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use nouns to create one-word labels as often as possible. When necessary go for 2 words step label. 
Step labels should describe the purpose of each step and let users know where they are in their setup. 
Add information to the step label in the title of the step section to make it clearer. For example, a step label "Engine" could have a section title "Add the
engine on which to process data".
Step sections can also have subtitles, if necessary, to provide users with extra important information - as for example in complicated steps.
```

<Use>
	<Use.Do>
		<ul>

> 			<li>Keep labels concise : one-word labels as a rule, two words when necessary</li>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			<li>Keep labels concise: one-word labels as a rule, two words when necessary</li>
```
